For the project, once you have access to the Azure Virtual Environment,
you need to login to Joe's Windows 10 PC using the assigned user ID and password.
Let me show you what it looks like.
Once you log into Joe's Auto's Windows 10 PC,
click on the ReadMe file on the desktop.
From the ReadMe file,
you can learn more about the scenario.
This is also repeated in the document template
file you've received as a part of this project.
On this Windows 10 PC,
you should take the time to explore it using
the examples I provided throughout this course.
Explore everything you can about
the operating system and all of the applications on the system.
This is your Windows 10 PC to explore and play on.
You can make whatever changes you want and it won't affect anybody else.
This is your playground to learn and explore about Windows 10 and Cybersecurity.
From here on out,
use the project template provided with the class.
Fill out your information in your project template and be sure to
document all of your answers and show your work with screenshots.
Have fun with this Windows 10 exercise and good luck.